Welcome back.
We have two topics to cover and the next one sounds a little bit like I'm paranoid don't trust anyone.
And if we go to the next slide it's completely empty because this image requires the full screen.
All right what is happening here now throughout all the security videos you might have realized something
we just can't trust anything.
We can't assume that there's good people everywhere and that everything's in a work out as expected
with our CO so anywhere there is a connection with an outside system or an outside user user input.
You are Relpax put post parameters cookies headers file uploads e-mails form fields tons and tons of
things inputs come from many many places.
And we have to assume that not everybody is going to answer what they're supposed to enter.
So in any process that we have where there's a connection between systems we have to assume that there's
Darth Vader over here just watching you trying to be really really bad.
So you have to make sure that wall when you build software you don't trust anybody.
And I know it sounds paranoid but the idea is to write good code and be smart about why you are allowed
to do.
Here's an example.
Server maybe I've allowed my server to have requests from this domain.
I've set my headers using helmet amusing as I'm pretty sure we're good well if somehow.
Darth Vader over here gets access to the client and the domain name.
He can perhaps just bombard your server with requests after requests after requests to requests until
a Crash's your server and then oh yeah you just lost a ton of money because your server now can't run
that shopping cart anymore.
And then again you have to realize oh yeah maybe I should add a rate limiter like the rate limit package
from NPM that allows us to make sure that we can just keep requesting requesting requesting requesting
to the server.
And there are so many cases that you just can't keep track of.
The best thing you can do is just keep that in mind as you write your software.
Anytime you're making a connection to the outside world or accepting Iput from the outside world.
Think about it how can you prevent bad actors from doing bad things.
How can we protect the baby from Darth Vader.
Hunchy the next one.
Babai.